Uh you know what I someone told me I
this is probably fake um but it's like
one of those things that people say
apparently um like like I don't know
some extraordinary number of people in
England have 1966 as their a pin card
for their ATM machine and that like you
could just guess someone's pin because
the last time England won the World Cup.
This was something that always used to
happen. If for the 10 years that I was
in the UK, every time there was a World
Cup, people would get really excited
about bringing back the trophy. And you
would get all the analysts at the banks
with the sellside research. And if they
really wanted to get a bunch of clients
happy, they would say that England was
going to win the World Cup [laughter]
according to their models.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Oh, football's coming home, right? Yeah.
I know a few I know a few facts. Yeah.
which is a kind of slightly
misunderstood slogan, I think, because
it it's seen as this arrogance or this
like we invented it and we're this
imperial people who are going to
colonize you and win your win
everything, which it's actually this
sort of extremely sort of uh
self-deprecating to the point of like
melancholic thing about how we never win
anything and it's all really miserable,
which is [laughter] sort of our national
character, I suppose.
>> [music]
>> Hello and welcome to another episode of
the OddLobots podcast. I'm Joe Weissthaw
>> and I'm [music] Tracy Aloway.
>> First of all, are we are we calling it
football or sorry [laughter] we just say
you know I'm fine with either I accept
whatever I don't feel strongly but just
for like consistency sake I guess we'll
just call it football on this episode.
>> Uh if you want that's fine with me. I
like that you're defining the terms
beforehand.
>> This is important. It's it doesn't as
long as we all are operating on the same
I'm happy to call it football. Um busy
time obviously coming back to the
>> in the sports in the sports the sports
world
>> in the sports world. Um I think when you
landed uh back from our recent trip to
Asia was like literally like the final
minutes of the Knicks winning.
>> Yeah, it [clears throat] was nuts. I was
driving through lower Manhattan and
everyone was spilling out into the
streets watching the game through like
the windows of bars and stuff. And then
of course when they won you could hear
the entire city just go nuts.
>> So part of me is like why aren't we
doing a basketball episode? because it
feels very much like New York is
actually focused on basketball at the
moment even though we obviously have a
very big football/ soccer event.
>> Yeah. And I was I was walking through my
neighborhood. I live in the East Village
last night. Like everyone it's it's very
festive time in the city. Everyone was
like sitting out in like outdoor bars
and stuff like watching uh whatever
World Cup match was on last time.
Obviously
>> whatever World Cup match.
>> I forget what was airing. Well, to be
fair, you could lose track in this
particular World Cup because it's the
biggest ever World Cup.
>> Wait, what does that mean?
>> So, it means they have like the most
teams playing the most games ever. I
can't remember the exact number, but I
think it's almost 50 teams versus
previously it was about 30 teams, 32
teams.
>> We sort of assume that it was like
fixed. FIFA argued that this is about
making the game even bigger, you know,
diversity and inclusion and all of that,
but if you were going to be cynical, and
some people would argue you should be
cynical when it comes to FIFA, you could
argue that it's about selling more ads,
course, selling more tickets to more
games and also internal politics. So,
currying favor um with some smaller
nations
>> for political reasons, all of that. That
makes sense actually because I was sort
of wondering, no offense to any of like
I was like
>> we're gonna offend so many people in
this episode. I can already tell.
>> I was like, "Oh, it's pretty impressive
that like Carousel made the World Cup
and so forth."
>> Did you see the Cape Verde game?
>> The Cape Very game, right?
>> So, that was insane. So, okay. So part
of the concern with FIFA expanding this
to like 50 teams is that well
>> you don't get the same I guess intensity
that you would in a World Cup with a
smaller group and you get all these
meaningless games like Kurissau versus
Germany but then Cape Verde played Spain
and it wasn't a dead rubber game. It
ended up like being kind of an upset
because Spain are supposed to be
favorites for the entire car.
>> Yeah. Know it was a Yeah. Yeah. And so
now I'm proud to say I'm a diehard Cape
Verde fan and I really want this whole
like dead rubber thing to just blow up
in FIFA's face. You know, one thing I'm
aware of with um football in general is
that we could have an entire podcast on
the money side of it. And like, you
know, people said, "Oh, you should
really do an episode on how like,
>> yeah, whatever team and whatever league
in Europe is now permanently going to be
relegated because they've signed these
financial and it's like, you know what?
I that sounds like really fa fascinating
to me." But unless we were like really
deep in it, that almost sounds like too
niche, you know? And so,
>> you know, we had a really good
newsletter all about this last year. We
did all whatever. which two
>> financial engineering in specifically
European football. But yeah, there's a
lot of let's say money influence/money
games being played in football at the
moment.
>> There's so many angles that we could
attack it from. I just earlier in the
year I went to my first uh I went to a
Champions League match. I saw uh
Atletico Madrid versus um Arsenal in um
the uh Metropolitano stadium in Madrid.
Amazing experience. had the vibe to me
of like an American like Big 12 college
football match which I think is an
amazing energy etc.
>> Again, we are gonna offend so many
people. [laughter]
>> Great. I say this episode.
>> I say it as a compliment. Anyway, let's
get into the money. I'll say one more
thing about football, which is that
>> I've never like really gotten hooked on
it, but I've always thought the jerseys
are the coolest of any sport.
Particular. I liked when more of the
jerseys had um physical collars on them.
I think that's gone out of style a
little bit, but I used to love like
those old jerseys that had like the
flapped collars on them
>> and I just think they look cool as hell.
Yeah. And
>> I agree. And I and somehow on a football
jersey, it doesn't offend me when I see
ads the way it does like if I see an ad
on like a American baseball jersey, I
was like, that's sort of like debasing.
It looks to me it looks fine.
>> Why do you just expect it?
>> I don't know. Maybe it's like a subtle a
subtle like a subtle chauvinism or
something like that or it's like it
looks fine to see these corporate logos.
Now when I look at an NBA logo with a
NBA jersey with a logo it's like they're
sort of debasing the sport. I don't
know. I it's
>> but you just come to expect money to uh
debase football. That makes sense. We're
going to be talking about whether money
has injected vitality or expanded the
game or debased it or whatever or at
least how the massive amounts of money
have changed the game. We're very
excited to we to bring on the perfect
guest. We're going to be speaking with
freelance football journalist Joey Derso
and he has a new book out called More
Than a Shirt How Football Shirts Explain
Global Politics, Money, and Power. So,
uh Joey, thank you so much for coming on
OddLots.
>> Thanks for having me. Big fan of the
pod. Do you have any hunch as to why it
is that someone like myself is okay with
seeing ads on a a football kit versus an
versus other sports? Like can you sort
of do you have any sort of intuition
about why maybe we come to expect that
or that's sort of cool?
>> Well, is it is one sort of deep in your
soul and your personal identity and you
sort of feel it in a way that
>> maybe it's interesting.
>> Yeah, maybe that's just it. Maybe like I
don't have like the sort of you know I
grew up as like a Detroit Tiger fan for
example and if I saw like a big ad for
like Open AI or something on there I
wouldn't be that into it or Crypto.com
or whatever which seems to advertise
everywhere. Maybe it's just that maybe
it's just like what's in my per what's
in my soul or not.
>> Yeah. Well, it's an interesting question
which sport which sporting culture is
more commercial corporate capitalist and
which isn't because obviously the US in
most respects is far more capitalistic
than in Europe. But there's actually
funny some ways that invert that. One is
sponsorship and one is like this draft
system which to us feels like communism
for us. You know, it's just the rich
teams buy all the best players and
that's how it happens and the rich get
richer.
>> Joey, I can't help but notice that we're
doing a football podcast, but you are in
fact wearing a baseball shirt, which
maybe says something about the
difficulties that
>> it's a it's a Coney Island Cyclone
shirt, which I love. Anyone who comes
and visits New York has to go to a
Cyclones game. But soccer has
historically
had some difficulty with breaking
through into the US, right? So, it's
getting bigger now. We have the MLS, we
have all of that. We now have a World
Cup that's taking place in the US, but
we had one previously and that was kind
of an uphill battle to break into that
particular market.
>> Yeah. Well, so soccer in the US has
quite a big a long history, but it was
basically wiped out by the Wall Street
crash. So it was big in big industrial
cities before that big in kind of
Philadelphia, New Jersey and then it was
wiped out because it was deeply linked
to these industries that were hit so
badly in 1929 and then it was kind of in
the wilderness for half a century.
America's own sports became really big.
But yeah, it was sort of getting bigger
and bigger. You know, Pelle came to play
for the New York Cosmos in the '7s.
>> My husband used to work for the Cosmos.
Really?
>> Yeah. He was a youth coach.
>> Huh.
>> Yeah. But yeah, USA 94 and FIFA had long
wanted to bring the World Cup to the US
even though no one really cared in the
US about the sport. but because of
money, because of business, because the
world's biggest companies, the world's
richest people, the world's um biggest
pool of wealthy consumers are in the US.
And you know, the sort of footballing
snobs um of Europe, of which I'm
probably sometimes one of them, um
probably turn their nose up at going to
the US. Italian 90 is very romanticized
in England as you know, Pavarotti and
the beautiful sites of Rome. And these
these go Americans, what do they what
are they doing with our beautiful World
Cup? But it was kind of a success um in
many metrics. The grounds were full. um
lots of I think the Hispanic population
would have helped a lot there but a lot
of just curious Americans like women's
football was huge in the US before it
was big in Europe so a lot of um there
was a lot of interest because of that I
think it was the Olympics um before that
that was big but then uh commercially it
was a huge hit and FIFA got these big
sponsorships for the first time these
big companies like you know Coca-Cola
Visa got interested and it's just the
pool of the world's biggest companies
the world's most rich people and they
desperately wanted to bring it back and
they finally succeeded in 2026
>> you know it's funny I I first of all I
had not realized that actually there was
a long uh football tradition in the
United States prior to the crash. We
could have probably done an entire
episode just on that. But I do also
remember like as a kid in like the 80s
like hearing about this guy named uh
Pelle as a you know Trump is a big Pelle
fan. Um what was pretty good.
>> Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. But what um
what what were the cosmos and I was like
what league was that even?
>> So that was I believe it was the NASL
the North American Soccer League which
was this sort of but it was kind of an
exhib show and you know the the Cosmos
would go around to these different teams
and it when Pelle left it all sort of
fell apart pretty quickly. It was losing
lots of money and the US is just such a
deep rich sporting market. You know
there are like four the big four which
would be American football, baseball,
basketball and ice hockey. It's hard to
penetrate that and it's very unusual.
You know, Australia, I was there
recently. It's maybe the closest
parallel, but the vast majority of play
in Europe, in every European country,
you know, I like cricket. You guys
probably think that's incredibly obscure
and um sort of fusty British, but um I'm
a but like if cricket is tiny compared
to football, as is rugby and all these
other sports we have. Football is
completely dominant in the vast majority
of the world. The US is a wild
exception.
>> So, let's talk about that 94 World Cup.
So, like how long what was the leadup to
that 94 World Cup in terms of making the
case that it should be in the US? Like
how long was that? I remember that World
Cup, but like how long was that in the
works and the fights and what had to
happen for the World Cup to finally go
uh in 1994 to the US?
>> Yeah. So, it was a long time. It was
like the mid 80s. It had lots of buildup
time. I mean, the US as we are seeing
now, it doesn't need to build loads of
stadiums, right? That's one huge
advantage it has. unlike you know South
Africa in 2010 built all these white
elephant stadiums and in many cases that
was a wonderful world cup end of
apartheid Mandela but financially a bit
of a basket case so the US was ready
even if it wasn't a big footballing
country um but what it had to do was set
up its own league because it did not
have a professional soccer league at
that point so it set up the MLS uh
because of that so real kind of
footballing desert at the time that it
was preparing to host the World Cup in
94. So, just to clarify, when it comes
to, I guess, US commercial advertisers,
what exactly were they trying to achieve
here? Because if soccer isn't that big
in the US at that time in 1994, I assume
they're not necessarily trying to target
the American market. Like, maybe it's
great that you're trying to popularize
the game more in the country. But if
you're an advertiser, I imagine
sponsoring the World Cup in 94 is more
about tapping into that global audience
that you're describing.
>> Yes. If you Coca-Cola and you want to
sell it in Africa and Asia, it's the
best billboard billboard you could
possibly imagine. Um, it's being buil
and, you know, whole villages in pretty,
you know, parts of the world where
people don't necessarily have
electricity at home will be will be
watching it. It's the biggest
advertising event in the world by far.
But before 94, it just wasn't really
commercialized that ruthlessly. You
know, tournaments lost money. There's a
great story from I think it's in the 74
World Cup in Mexico. this tailor like a
guy who sews clothes somewhere in London
just bought half the advertising boards
on the stadium in Mexico City just
because like no one else would have
thought of it and he offered them like a
nominal amount of money and they were
like yeah sure and like when I do my
research into the sort of history of
football shirts and sponsorship the
early days are often just kind of like
that a team will win some massive trophy
with the local beer company on it and
then 3 years later there'll be no logo
because it's literally just like some
guy there's no process there's no
marketing department there's no anything
so I suppose football would Lee was
leaving millions, billions of pounds on
the table. Um, of course, there is a
flip side that if you ruthlessly
ruthlessly commercialize it to within an
inch of its life, you're potentially
risking harming the product itself. But
that's maybe a separate podcast.
>> Yeah, I suppose that's separate.
>> I want to get into that later.
>> Yeah, we could Yeah, we should get into
that in the current state a little bit
more, but talk more about some of these
deals and how big they were and how
unusual they were. So you go from like,
okay, a Taylor in one World Cup to then
a few World Cups later it's Coca-Cola
and it's the biggest.
>> Yeah. And there were like $20 million
deals and this kind of thing.
>> Who were some of the big sponsors and
like you know what were some of these
deals? Yeah. Yeah. And what were some of
these deals that they signed in 1994?
>> So this guy Anne Rothenberg who was the
kind of c the guy running the bid and he
was very who came from an NBA background
and he was very commercially minded and
he turned it into this big commercial
event I think very effectively. But
yeah, the sponsors are, you know, like
the ones we see now, like Coca-Cola,
like Visa, um, these huge multinational
corporations that the World Cups hadn't
really seen in the same extent before
and American companies, which is what we
see now.
>> So, I want to go back to something you
said about the 1990 World Cup and you
mentioned that it was lionized or I
guess looms large in a lot of people's
football memories, especially in Europe.
What actually makes a World Cup
successful? like what is that essence
that you can point to that means you can
say something like a people loved the
1990 World Cup versus I don't know I
don't want to name any specific World
Cups as absolute failures but you could
pluck uh a few examples I suppose
>> well I think the two biggest things are
a your team winning or doing really well
and b being being in your 20s like like
most things in life you look back on it
and I suppose lots of people who you
know uh look back on 1990 who are in
positions of power at the moment and
That's wonderful. Well, for me, 2018 in
England, we're in Russia and England did
surprisingly well after being dreadful
for 20 years and the sunshine every day
for three months and it was just a party
in in England which was fun. So, I think
a lot of it is that like social cultural
stuff but you know on the broader sense
exciting games um close games but like
moments and people you know you look
back to like Diego Maradona and do you
know about the hand of God in 1986?
>> That was beautiful. That was 86. that
was I in 1990 that was the first World
Cup I paid attention to and I like I
knew about and then he had a pretty
disappointing 1990 World Cup like it was
Argentine was pretty mediocre that year
right but I was like I was pretty
obsessed with like Maradona that year
and I was sort of as a young kid
disappointed that that he didn't wasn't
couldn't bring back the magic
>> yeah and I think particularly as the
game extends so I'm from you know an
English background where I went I've
been going to see my club Aston Villa
since I was like four years old and it's
so like deeply in my blood that you
like but that's a tiny I think that's a
minority of the people who watch the
World Cup. Most people are from you know
parts of the world where they might tune
in once every four years and it's all
about you know those characters and
memories and people and you know I'm
thinking about 1990 the famous one in
England would be Gaz's tears. I don't
know if that means anything to you, but
Paul Gasco in the sort of maverick
Englishman who was like pretty sort of
chaotic personal life and he was
brilliant but sort of very flawed and he
got a yellow card in the semi-final
against Germany and he couldn't that
meant he would couldn't play in the
final and he cried and it's like Gaz's
tears is this sort of it's like a part
of Britain's national story like the
sort of romantic view of football in
that way and you know England didn't get
to the semi-final England lost that
semi-final to Germany on penalties which
then happened again six years later And
this idea of like losing to Germany
every time is like a very deep in the
kind of national myth. And every country
has its own like I've just been in
Argentina and like 86 with Maradona and
you know 2022 with Messi. The
interesting one is 1978 when Argentina
won the World Cup and a military
dictatorship um as people were being
tortured like a mile down the road and
that's kind of slightly airbrushed out
of the the story. But like yeah these
people these characters I think is what
really makes World Cups above anything
else.
>> Uh you know what I someone told me I
this is probably fake. Um, but it's like
one of those things that people say
apparently um like like I don't know
some extraordinary number of people in
England have 1966 as their a pin card
for their ATM machine. Absolutely. And
that like you could just guess someone's
pin because the last time England won
the World Cup.
>> This was something that always used to
happen if for the 10 years that I was in
the UK. Every time there was a World
Cup, people would get really excited
about bringing back the trophy and you
would get all the analysts at the banks
with the sellside research and if they
really wanted to get a bunch of clients
happy, they would say that England was
going to win the World
>> AI statistical model. Yeah. Yeah.
Football's coming home, right? I know a
few I know a few facts. Yeah. which is a
kind of slightly misunderstood slogan I
think because it it's seen as this
arrogance or this like we invented it
and we're this imperial people who are
going to colonize you and win your win
everything which it's actually this sort
of extremely sort of uh self-deprecating
to the point of like melancholic thing
about how we never win anything and it's
all really miserable which is sort of
our national character I suppose and
>> so I know to some extent we're talking
about vibes and it's hard to pinpoint
those exactly but I'm really interested
in the contrast between the 1990 World
Cup and 1994 before. So you go from a
very European, not that commercialized
event to something that is much more
American and there's a lot more focus on
actually generating money. So how did
those two events stack up against each
other? This is what I'm trying to get
at.
>> Yeah. Well, and and then you hit this
sort of Well, I mean, it's sort of the
beginning. USA is the beginning of a
process. It's the beginning of this
exponential curve where like you know
people are throwing around the figure 12
billion um for this world cup when three
world cups ago it was it was half that
it's many billions more than so the USA
is not massive but it's the beginning of
the exponential curve in which the
figure that what you know the the 1998
world cup in Italy like lost money um so
>> 1998
>> sorry I meant the 1990 World Cup in
Italy which preceded your USA 94 um
France 98 yes the USA 94 is this
beginning of I I think I think maybe
people didn't realize at the time what a
commercial success it could be and how
much money was potentially on the table
from World Cups themselves and that's
when you leaded to FIFA itself becoming
this much more ruthlessly commercial
body.
>> Well, actually the only reason I knew
that 98 um was where France held it
because I was going to tee up my next
question that maybe rather than compare
and contra the poster. Yeah, I can see
that France 98 kudam poster. But maybe
we should say maybe the right way to
think about the compare and contrast is
not 1990 versus 1994, but 1990 in Italy
versus 1998 in France, both hosted by
European stalwart soccer nations. How
did those two differ with uh 1994 having
split them in the middle? And how much
more commercialized and different was
1998 versus 1990?
>> Much more commercial. and you have these
big sponsors much more prominent in the
stadium. So already much more
commercial. I mean the interesting thing
about 1998 is that France now feels like
a stalwart football nation. It kind of
wasn't before 1998.
>> And then in France you because um it's a
story is it's an a story of economic
history and industrialization that
France you know France industrialized
later than England than France than
Italy and it was a country where most of
its uh people lived in its in villages
rather than towns and cities and
football is everywhere and always a game
of the city. Um it was spread by by by
by trams and trains inside cities. It
was initially a child of the weekend.
The first week workers to get weekend in
industrial England were the people who
played organized football first. The
Saturday 3 p.m. slot. Um France
industrialized later. So it did not have
that same culture. And there are pockets
of it. You know, St. Etienne, an
industrial town in the south of France,
but um really France was not a big
football country even deep into the even
1998. And then that changed overnight.
But still even now you know you go to a
small French city and it's just not a
thing that people talk about in a way
that it is in in England and in Spain
and Italy.
>> Can I ask a very basic question? So
you've said the word exponential a
number of times in terms of the
commercialization of the World Cup. FIFA
is a not forprofit, right? Like
technically it's a
>> not for we were debating this over the
weekend like what is FIFA?
>> It's supposed to reinvest its money like
back into the sport. So what actually
you know, basic question here, but
what's driving the urge to generate
money from advertising revenue?
>> So, FIFA is a is a is a a vehicle for
funneling money from
uh advertisers and TV to member
associations. There are 200 and
something member associations that make
up FIFA. They vote for the president,
Jenny Fentino. Um, the World Cup is this
huge bonanza of cash both in terms of t
so ticketing as this multi-billion
dollar thing is completely new. I mean,
I'm sure you've heard a lot about ticket
prices and lots of Europeans are up
outrage about that. Americans say that's
just, you know, capitalism baby or
whatever. Um, but like it's like 23
billion now, which is completely new.
And the advertising as well. FIFA is the
kind of middleman and then that money
goes to member associations. Got it. And
it's one member, one vote. So if you're
England, Brazil, Germany, you have the
same vote as you know, Cape Verde,
Surinam. Um, and it means that these
countries have incredibly glitzy
facilities. Uh, and it means they tend
to reelect the president.
>> In terms of corporate structure, is like
is the Premier League, is that a
for-profit organization or is that yet
another sort of nonprofit layer that
sits above a bunch of privatelyowned
clubs which are for profit?
>> That's correct. Yeah, it's a member
association and it votes for its
members.
>> What about the MLS? Is that the similar
structure where the MLS is a sort of
>> it's a franchise system?
>> Oh, it's a franchise system.
>> So the US sports model which is where
>> a franchise system where there's no
promotion and relegation which of course
is deeply part of European sport. It
means that the valuations of clubs are
much lower because you can get relegated
and uh Tottenham Hotspur who a very big
club in England extremely close came
close to getting relegated um which
means you fall out of the Premier League
and into a Spurs fan. So this has been a
painful year
>> bring up any trauma but that um I I read
stuff around the time saying that even
that Spurs came close to relegation is
going to harm the valuation of
Manchester United and Chelsea and these
other teams because it feels possible in
a way it didn't a year ago. He just felt
they were like too big to fail. I hadn't
thought about that. That basically like
that puts an implicit lid that there's a
left tail outcome for club any club
ownership that is just not possible in
an entity like Major League Baseball or
obviously Major League Soccer where you
just permanently have that spot at the
top. That's super interesting.
>> Yeah, there's there's real stakes
>> and relegation is obviously very
unlikely, but Champions League football,
so the top four or five teams in England
go on to play in the Champions League,
the European wide competition, which is
hugely lucrative. and my team Aston
Villa who are punching way above their
weight at the moment and have qualified
a couple of times in the last this year.
Um but that means there's not a spot for
you know Chelsea haven't qualified this
year. Manchester United have gone
several years um without qualifying.
They have this year but that's a like
left tail risk which is really quite
likely and means that you know you're
not going to get that huge pot of money
next year and the odds are pretty high.
>> The flip side is that lower teams in
lower rated leagues could have that
right sale out there. remember we did
that episode years and years ago with
that Bitcoiner who bought like a team in
like Bedford, England or something like
that. It was like the fifth team down
with like his Bitcoin profits and he had
dreams of like bringing them up, you
know, like you could have like sort of
like entrepreneurial football
entrepreneurs who like him, right? Yeah.
So like it does seem like you know I
kind of I think it would be more
exciting. I actually have a old friend
or kind of a friend who bought a who
owns a US soccer club in a smaller
league and he wants the US to introduce
like relegation and promotion on this
idea that maybe that club could one day
be a bigger more valuable thing but I
have no idea if that could ever happen.
>> Uh well I guess the members would have
to vote for it same you know in any
other league
>> and it's a bit kind of turkeys voting
for Christmas.
Okay, since we're on the topic of the
Premier League and also right and left
tail outcome. So you write across your
coverage a lot about the influence of
geopolitics on football, right? And I
think at this point everyone is familiar
with the term sports washing. So the
idea that you know certain governments,
certain people, certain companies will
sponsor a football team to make
themselves look good and maybe distract
from other scandals. One thing that's
interesting to me now is it kind of
feels like sports washing can also go in
the other direction where you can end up
having geopolitical vulnerabilities. So
if I think about Chelsea,
you know, Chelsea basically lost their
sugar daddy for lack of a better word in
the form of Abramovich. And I think at
some point there was talk about maybe
sanctions in the UK against the
Emirates. And we've also seen uh what am
I thinking? I mean, obviously Manchester
City owned by Americans, and I imagine
for some British people, Americans
aren't that popular right now.
>> Does sports washing does the influence
of sports washing go in the other way?
Oh, sorry, not Manchester City.
Manchester United, I'm sorry, Manchester
City is owned by the UAE,
>> Abu Dhabi. Yeah. Does it go the other
way? Well, I mean, Chelsea, yes, it was
very embarrassing for them. um Abram was
sanctioned by the American government.
But fundamentally, Chelsea had won one
league title before he came in in the
early 2000s. They won five in the uh 18
or 19 years after that. So, I don't
think they'll be, you know, would would
they have taken that as a Chelsea fan at
the start? Um I basically think, and
this is maybe putting myself out of a
job, um no one cares that much. And like
>> um no one like people don't become a
sports team to grapple with geopolitics
and it's kind of pretty terrible
sometimes I think because like Newcastle
United is probably the most egregious
example cuz they're literally owned by
the public investment fund of Saudi
Arabia and yeah like that's been I think
used as a propaganda vehicle for an
autocratic state and yeah it's pretty
bad but I don't think fans care. Um, and
Newcastle United is like a very
working-class club with a really proud
history and this sort of quite, you
know, town that's had a rough few
decades and a very proud a very amazing
institution and it's a great it's a very
clever move for the Saudi investment
fund to buy it because it has so much
sort of authenticity and credibility.
>> Was there some team that has Gazprom on
their logo like
>> Well, you teed me up because that's the
first whole first chapter of my book.
>> Which team was that? That's Schulker in
Gellson Kersian in Germany where I
travel and speak to lots of people. So
yeah, the great thing there was they had
um gasp prom on their shirts and when I
went there two years after the invasion
of Ukraine, lots of people were wearing
blue stickers over the gas prom logo.
They were shamed by it. But yeah,
Russian gas and German polit politics
were deeply entwined for decades. Best
>> exhibited in the shirt of Schulka.
>> Um and politicians and executives would
whine and dine there. Germany was buying
cheap gas from Russia. So, both sides
were getting something out of it because
Germany doesn't have much natural
resources. Russia needed the cash. Um,
it all came crashing down in 2022. Um,
the one team that does still have gas
prom on their shirts is Red Star
Belgrade in Serbia, who also play in
European competitions. But, of course,
Serbia is much more pally with Russia
than the rest of Europe. So, they don't
see a problem there.
>> So, who who did did that team have to
did they get a new sponsor?
>> Schula. Well, they lost loads of money
overnight. It was like€ 10 million euros
and they they'd been kind of declining
for a while but it was almost the straw
that broke the camel's back and they
went down to the second division in
Germany which was terrible for them.
They're a huge club. So they took a huge
financial hit from losing that
sponsorship.
>> So speaking of jersey history, I guess
one of the things that's come up in the
current World Cup is Hades jersey.
>> So I think they had to redesign it
because FIFA said it was too political.
>> You're not allowed to have political
slogans or like political meanings. in
Haiti apparently had a little graphic of
uh men during the Haitian Revolution and
one of them was like a very famous war
hero but not even explicitly like maybe
a very famous war hero and I find this
really interesting because obviously
there's a lot of judgment involved when
you say whether a jersey is political or
not and no one is going after like the
Netherlands for wearing orange and
promoting Protestantism or something
like that. So, like how do they make
those calls and does it feel like
they're picking on maybe [clears throat]
smaller countries with fewer resources
to fight against some of these
decisions?
>> Well, yeah, all these things are just
kind of arbitrary judgment calls, you
know, where and there's there's a thing
that football associations are
constantly grappling with because
there's people that have ripped their
shirts off to have something to do with
Israel Palestine or and I can see why.
But then when the Russia Ukraine stuff
happened in England, the kind of whole
football community united around we
support Ukraine and flags and whatever
else. So these things are often can seem
hypocritical, can seem contradictory.
Those decisions, it's just some person
somewhere, you know, how do you
objectively make a call like that? But
um yeah, you're right to flag the the
Netherlands and it's a really
interesting one. I've actually on
Instagram be doing a series that's like
why each country plays in each color.
Um, and Hei is they play in red and blue
because it was the French tree color and
when they overthrew the French, you
know, the slaveholder re incredible
slave revolution in Hei and they ripped
the whites out of the flag um just to be
left with blue and red. Um, the
Netherlands and the orange, the story is
William of Orange, who's kind of the
founding father of the Netherlands.
>> Um, but in I don't know if you know the
association of Orange in in Northern
Ireland and Scotland of uh the
Protestantism and sectarianism and the
club Rangers which represents the uh
Protestant Unionist half of Glasgow.
while Celtic is the Irish Republican
half. They play an orange and it's quite
inflammatory because it's associated
with these sort of sectarian things. So
yeah, the same shirt, the same color,
but no one would say that about a
Netherlands national shirt, even though
the origin of the story is similar. It's
just these things have different
meanings in different contexts, I
suppose.
>> Tell us about the jersey in Colombia
that um had a murdered uh drug dealer on
it.
>> [snorts]
>> Yeah. So that was Envagardo FC on the
outskirts of Medí which the city which
of course gave the world um Pablo
Escobar but these days is a lovely place
to visit. I'd recommend it to anyone
who's a tourist.
>> Amazing.
>> It's great and just chilled and like
great food, great vibes. But in the it
was the it was the highest murder rate
in the history of organized statistics
was Median in the 80s. Like it was just
people were being gunned down left,
right, and center because Pablo Escobar
and his cocaine cartel was running the
show. Um but football was kind of a tool
of all this and Escobar owned the one
club in Medí but other cartels owned
clubs in Cali and other Colombian
cities. But the story I was interested
in was a bit later than that was so
Escobar was killed in the early '90s and
one of the offshoots from this cartel
was uh in Envagardo and this guy was
killed you know drug bosses are liable
to get killed and his son as a loving
tribute to his father because they own
this football club put his face on the
back. So on the back of the shirt was
this like silhouette of this man's face
who was like a murdered drug dealer,
drug cartel leader. And I went to a game
there in the sort of humid uh stadium in
the middle of the day and I saw one I
was I was like I'm I've made it this
far. I really hope I get to see this
shirt. And right at the end I saw it on
the back because it's quite old. It's
like 10 years old. But they were
sanctioned by the American government.
They were on this thing the Clinton list
which is uh when foreign entities can't
deal with US companies. So that means
like banks and everything else. It's
really tricky to be on that list if
you're sanctioned. So, they had no
sponsor for a while after that. So, they
had like the silhouette of the drug
cartel leader, no sponsor because they
were sanctioned by the Americans and now
they're owned by someone else and
they're just, we should say, a normal
football team.
>> How much do those jerseys actually sell
for now? Can you get them off eBay or
something? I imagine they're worth
>> Oh, well, I mean, that one's just an
incredibly obscure one that I found cuz
I like the story, but some of them Oh,
hundreds and hundreds. It's a huge
industry now. And the nostalgia of it.
People want the kind of 90s ones from
when they were kids and
>> yeah, it's a huge industry.
>> So, this was going to be my next
question. So, obviously people like
football jerseys and my personal
favorite for this World Cup is the um
the Away kit for Kurissau, which is this
really nice pastel yellow that I think I
think I could get away with. But if I go
to try to buy it, that's selling for
like $300 now. And it is nice.
>> Yeah. And I think some of the other some
of the other popular jerseys like the um
one of the Japan ones that has like
stripes on it, that one's also very
cute. Like a choice.
>> Yeah. They're really they're really hard
to find now and they're selling for a
lot of money. What does that actually
mean for fans? You know, if I'm if I'm a
Curissowl fan and I can't get my hands
on an away jersey unless I pay up like
$300, that seems not ideal.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's an interesting
debate that you hear a lot because I
mean, supply and demand, right? You
know, the the the
they're selling the price they can get
away with it. But in England, you get
like politicians standing up and talking
about how much a disgrace it is that the
shirt is is priced at that level. I
mean, it's something that it means so
much to people that and it's interesting
the sort of the the the conflict between
supply and demand and football, I think,
is something that we're seeing a lot at
the moment with this World Cup because,
you know, Arsenal, who just won the
league, who are in London, who are
really popular. A ticket there is like
£60, maybe like $80. Um, and they're
just impossible. They're impossible to
get. You need points. Like, if you're
just a random person from the US who
wanted to go to an Arsenal game next
season, you just can't. You might be
able to buy in the secondary market,
which is completely unregulated. you
might get scammed. Um what they
absolutely do not do is raise it to the
market clearing price um and charge
$1,000 for it. Like that just doesn't
happen because it's so deeply ingrained
in sort of European sporting culture
that that's like wrong. Um whereas the
US takes a different approach and this
is what we've seen at this World Cup.
>> When I was in when we were in Madrid, I
did, you know, I got into that. Um
>> did you get a jersey? I didn't get a
jersey, but you know, when I I went on
StubHub to buy my ticket, and I got
really stressed because as soon as I
bought the ticket, I got that pop-up
that said away fans will not be allowed
into the stadium. And I was like, what
if what if they think I'm an away fan? I
don't speak Spanish. Like, I got like
are they going to give me a lie detector
test? So, I went and I bought a um I
bought a scarf of Atleti and I wore that
to the stadium so that it's like and
then I felt okay and I got in no
problem. And everyone was like, "Oh, be
careful with your StubHub ticket. You
might um you might that might be fake,
but it did. I was I was able to get in.
So, my son is a big Messi fan um and he
has a pink Messi jersey, but then today
on the walk to school, he asked me if
Messi was a goalie or [laughter] not.
>> Oh my god.
>> So, I was like I was like so he has this
conception that there is this person in
the world named Messi
>> and he has a jersey who he really likes,
but evidently quite clear. I mean, he's
young. He like does not actually know
anything about him. He just knows that
there is this existence and likes the
jersey. But like why is my son drawn to
this pink jersey? Well, a very clever
bit of marketing from al so David
Beckham is a part owner of and that's an
interesting sort of financial story
because when he joined LA Galaxy in 2007
yeah someone put into his contract
whether it was him or he was maybe very
well advised that he would have the um
ownership rights when a new franchise
was introduced into the MLS and that
became into Miami and I believe he paid
like $25 million I think which is
basically just a huge bargain that's now
worth worth so many times more than that
and Beckham or again maybe someone
advising Beckham
settled on pink partly because
apparently Miami is really pink, all the
buildings are pink, pink vibes,
>> there is
>> but also because um basically no other
team plays in pink. Um so many teams
play in red um Palmo in Italy playing
pink but that's you know quite niche but
no one so pink is just so iconic. You
just need to see like the collar under a
shirt and you know instantly. So, it's a
very clever bit of marketing, but I it's
interesting you say about your son and
Messi because
football coming from Europe, the club is
the first point of reference and that
was certainly my own upbringing. And if
your favorite player leaves, well, you
kind of hate them when they come back
for another team. It's all about the
club and that's what you identify with
first. Whereas, as football is becoming
this bigger global thing, it's the the
individuals and Messi and Ronaldo who
are both, you know, way past their best.
And it's possible at this tournament
they could be not very good. Who knows?
But the individual is now more important
globally than the club which is new.
>> Interesting.
>> Just going back to commercialization of
the World Cup. So, you know, we've been
talking a lot about advertisers um and
extending, you know, the number of games
played um in order to
>> uh expand, I guess, the number of
eyeballs on the game and all of that.
>> There are other ways that FIFA is
catering to the American market. So for
instance, we now have mandated water
breaks.
>> Oh [laughter] yeah.
>> Like which basically turns the game into
like quarters, right? That that
something that looks a lot more famili
It looks a lot more like an American
football game
>> than it used to.
>> How far could we go in terms of the
Americanization
of uh I guess you know traditionally
European
world football?
>> So [snorts] the other strange thing to
me is games start late. They start like
not really late. They just start like 5
minutes late which never happens in
Europe and even in the you know these
cultures like Italy, Spain, Argentina
where everyone's like late all the time
and that's part of the culture. Football
never kicks off late never the suspense
in America. Keep them guessing.
>> Yeah, maybe. But it's like I'm sitting
on my sofa being like where are they?
Like you know I've got stuff to do. Why?
>> Because they're like announcing and
someone's singing the national anthem
and someone Yeah, that does seem like an
American thing where there's not real
much connection to the time the nominal
time of the sporting event and the
actual kickoff or tip off. But that the
hydration thing, I mean, I I try I'm
trying desperately not to be sort of
European traditionalist shouting at
cloud, but um hydration breaks are bad.
I think they're really bad because they
completely break up the flow of the
game. I've been watching a few where it
was kind of really exciting. You maybe
had like an underdog hit against the
ropes, like playing really well, and
then it completely takes the pace out of
everything.
>> And I get it if it's 40° like in Texas,
fine. But they're doing it in these air
conditioned stadiums. They're doing it
in Toronto when it was like raining. Um
it's unnecessary. And I think it's
really damaging. And I think like the
the the rules of the game have barely
changed in 120 years. It would be
instantly recognizable if you went back
to 1900. And it's a precious thing. And
I think if you meddle with it a bit, you
risk kind of ruining the whole
experience.
>> I have to say going to the game in
Madrid, I really liked basically knowing
what time the game was going to end. You
know, you get there at a certain time,
45 minutes plus a couple minutes, break,
45 minutes plus a couple minutes, game's
over. And I thought like for planning my
night it was just very nice to not have
to concern it was just going to go you
know I guess there could have been like
penalty kicks or something like that or
overtime but
>> but even then like it could be two and a
half hours that's the absolute maximum.
>> Wait this actually just reminded me when
MLS was just getting off the ground.
Didn't they have like some thing where
if you were doing penalty shootouts you
had to like dribble for ages and it was
supposed to make it more exciting.
>> It's great.
>> Yeah. You like that? Yeah, I love it.
Yeah, American innovation done right. I
mean, it's so cool. If you watch on
YouTube, you see these guys with these
like really baggy shirts and they all
just look like some of those players
were like college players, you know, who
ended up playing for the national team.
Um, and the way you do it is you get the
ball like maybe around the halfway line
and you just sort of run at the goal,
>> but it makes it much more um even. It's
harder to score. So, it's like a 50 like
a hockey I think a hockey penalty is
like 50/50,
>> but a football penalty is like 80% and
it means most of the time it goes in.
when it doesn't, it's like devastating
for the person who misses. Um, but it's
a much more Yeah, it's fun. It's
exciting. I'm well up for that. Like,
you know, let the Americans do their
thing. It's better.
>> Now, I have to run something by both of
you. So,
>> I had an idea for making football more
exciting for Americans. So, the
complaint that you always hear, or at
least that my dad says, right, they
don't score enough goals. Never mind
that in the last Super Bowl there were
like two meaningful touchdowns or
something, but whatever. There aren't
enough goals in soccer. So, what if you
started awarding points for a corner?
So, if you get one point per corner,
successful corner, and then you get
three points for a goal.
>> Oh, I'm I'm unconvinced about that. But
I would say the the Spain Ker was
thrilling and that was nil nil. Why do
you need goals when you've got some
Germanism
by the way?
>> You know what I
>> The tension the tension makes it.
>> You know what I was introduced to? Our
producer Kell showed me this before the
Atlantic game which I had never seen
that there was this very like predictive
essentially I don't know machine
learning AI type thing where at any
given moment there's like this swing and
you could see like who has the momentum.
What are these charts called?
>> Uh like the momentum chart.
>> Yeah, the momentum charts and you could
say like so that you could see like a
team in this position would have scored
a goal like
>> XG.
>> Yeah. And I was thinking maybe a nice
way to um add some more attention is
that in the event of a draw that you
award the victory to the team that had
the greater momentum throughout the
game.
>> No. Why wouldn't you just have a penalty
shootout?
>> No, because then you just encourage
attacking play throughout so that you're
rewarded in the event of a draw. You
What do you think about that proposal
that in the event of a draw?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Tiebreaker. Exactly. So the
tiebreaker is expected goals and
therefore you're rewarded for having
played consistent attacking play
throughout the game even if you know it
didn't materialize and the ball went off
the um went off the post or something
like that. What do you think about that?
But when when a team wins on it, so
expected goals, which measures how good,
>> but when team lose with a better XG,
that's the thrill of it, right? That's
why you get more.
>> Yeah. No, that's exciting. I And I
totally get that. You're like, we should
like the if one team had better XG, but
the other team got more goals, fine.
That's exciting. But in the event of a
tie, you go to the XG and then you like
rather than like the sort of very
defensive
>> people would find some way to game that
too. And also, people are already up in
arms about the VA stuff. Yeah. And by
the way, I still can't say VAR without
thinking of value. But
>> you're right.
>> I thought that was exciting. During the
game, there were two times where the uh
referees went back and looked at a call
that was made on the field. And I found
it
>> that was the interesting energy in the
stadium was incredibly high waiting for
those referee reviews. And I sort of
thought it added to the fun of like
being in the stadium while we were
waiting for the calls.
>> I think it's got better. Um I think it
sped up. I think at the beginning there
are a lot of teething pains and it was
often really slow and often people in
the stadiums what they're doing better
at now is communicating to the people in
the stadiums cuz I've been in a stadium
where it just goes on for like 5
minutes. People are like texting their
friends saying what's going on are you
watching on TV? Um so it has got better.
I think there are still like huge
problems with basically trying to um a
lot of these calls are fundamentally
subjective, right? Yeah. Like an offside
is objective. Um but so you know is a
foul a foul? Is a hand bull you know if
it bangs you on your shoulder there it's
not a foul but if it hits your hand you
the things cannot be um perfected
through data or whatever else. So there
will always be that tension there.
>> It's funny he mentioned um texting
people who are watching on TV. So many
of the fans that I saw were watching
broadcast on their phone during the game
so that they would have like a little
like stream on their phone and so during
the call sad.
>> I mean, yeah, whatever. But that they
were like getting more commentary and
stuff like that that that's
>> sad. And also, [laughter] okay, but on
this note,
>> I kind of liked it.
>> You know, you mentioned energy just
then. How do we get a proper chant
culture going in American football or
football which takes place in America?
And I think even in the UK some of the
chanting is starting to go away a little
bit which is very disappointing.
>> Yeah. Well, I think I think it's partly
to do with the sort of who is in the
crowd. You know, it's much more of a
sort of big family event um in the in
the U in the US potential. the UK is
becoming more so whereas previously it
would have just been mainly kind of big
groups of young men um who probably just
chant more than families to be honest.
Um and that's changed and that's
probably a good thing for the most part
but certainly the culture has changed
quite a bit. Um but yeah I mean some of
these songs some of these songs in
English football have like a century of
history. Um yeah I've been to a couple
of MLS games and I thought the
atmosphere was pretty good. I went to
the New York Red Bulls um and I was I
don't know expecting a sort of the US
the sort of energy drink company and it
was pretty good. Like I was impressed.
The Cosmos games were always really good
cuz people would be bring like drum sets
and stuff. But in terms of chanting, I
have to say in my experience, the
ultimate champions are actually Japanese
baseball teams.
>> Oh yeah, I've heard they do it like
perfect.
I really really want to go to a Japanese
major. If you like the Cyclones, it's I
know that's definitely high up on
Actually, one last question. My
understanding, so obviously football has
become more popular in the United States
today in 2026 than it was in 1994. My
understanding, and tell me if I'm wrong,
is that if you go to like a typical
American football fan, there will be
some people who are like really into
they'll have their favorite Premier
League team or their favorite European
team that they're really into. or
there'll be some who are like really
into the MLS, but that there isn't a lot
of crossover that you don't that um that
still like you're sort of either into
European football or American MLS, but
not really. You're like kind of one or
the other. Is that the case?
>> I think that's true. And the MLS has
real pockets. I think like in the
Northwest, in Portland and Seattle, it's
long been big. There are other places
where it's particularly strong. And
yeah, and I think there is sometimes a
bit of a sort of culture war between I
mean you get this in in in Europe or in
England or teams who support their small
local team versus the big team on TV. Um
but I think one interesting thing with
European leagues is that the English
league is currently like eating everyone
else's lunch. It's just like becoming
this sort of winner takes all. all the
TV revenue is flowing there and it's
really harming sort of Spain and Italy
and these huge football institutions
like AC Milan have less money than these
like tiny English teams which
>> I feel like you don't hear about the
Bundesliga at all anymore, right? Like I
right like you never just win it every
year so it's kind of boring.
>> I just want to go back to the big uh
sort of will FIFA kill the golden goose
>> question. Um, it's sad in my head I'm
doing a goal golden pun, but you can't
even tell on the podcast. So, I
apologize for mentioning that at all.
>> But like, how far can you actually push
commercialization?
And as we see FIFA especially try to
make more space for advertisers through,
you know, they haven't said this
explicitly when they talk about the
hydration breaks. They say it's for the
welfare of the players and all of that,
but like it certainly looks like they're
making defined space for ads. At what
point does it mean that you start to
lose some of the magic of the sport? I'm
sure you've been asked this question a
ton and you probably thought about it a
ton.
>> Yeah. Well, I think it can happen. I
think it probably I I basically think
the World Cup is like well for me it's
like the pinnacle of human civilization
and the yeah
>> greatest cultural event on earth and it
is the biggest cultural event on earth
by an absolute mile. So I think it's
pretty hard to mess it up. like you just
need two teams, a pitch, get some fans
in, you know, it's not some great like
you don't need to think too hard about
how to do it in four years time. But the
more you meddle with it, the more you
tinker at the edges. I don't think the
whole thing would come like crashing
down overnight, but I do think if you
keep meddling with it, then children
will become less into it than their
parents did. And very slowly you could
sort of chip away at the edges of it.
There obviously so many more um so much
more attention distractions these days
that someone sitting still for 2 hours
is like harder to convince them to do.
Um, but yeah, I think in the short term
like they can probably rinse even more
cash out of it to be honest because it's
just such a perfect event.
>> All right, Joey Derso, thank you so much
for coming on OddLotss. I'm glad we got
a World Cup episode in. There's so much
going on in the world right now, but you
know, we may have could have could have
easily done a bunch of a million AI
episodes and I'm glad we covered the
World Cup and you were the perfect
guest. So, thank you so much for coming
on OddLots.
>> Thanks for having me. I enjoyed it.
>> Tracy, that was a lot of fun. I many
interesting points. I thought one thing
I thought was interesting is the idea of
the the um the fandom of the player
rather than the team emerging over time.
You get these global superstars like a
Messi or a Ronaldo or a maybe like a
Beckham or something like that.
>> But then the you're not a real fan.
>> No, you're not. But like you know like
from the perspective then they like take
their money with them from one city
>> to another. I could see that really
changing the game or sort of like
changing the nature of like people's
relationship with the uh with the with
the sport.
>> Yeah. But again, like if I was going to
be cynical about this, it makes it even
more about the money, right? I'm not
defending it. I'm not saying there's a
good thing. I'm saying that's an
interesting shift in how people
>> and I'm saying
an effect of that will be that whoever
has the most money and can afford like
the best player just gets them and gets
even bigger even more money and it's
this like self-reinforcing cycle which
is what we're seeing in a lot of
European football at the moment. By the
way, material culture trivia for you on
the pink jersey point. Did you know that
pink used to be much more of a
genderneutral color? even more of a
masculine color than a feminine color.
Really?
>> Yeah. What do you have any idea when
that changed?
>> I think in the like early to mid 1900s.
Kind of interesting. So,
>> I'd like to learn more about that. We
should also have Joy on back again maybe
in quieter days. Talk about the um the
connection between football and the
stock market crash in the 1920s in the
US. I have no idea. Or maybe I'll go
find I'll Google that and read more on
that. But I'm very curious about that.
But uh no, it's uh it was a that was a
really fun conversation.
>> Who are you supporting in the World Cup?
>> I don't know. You know what? I've really
been like so busy. I just like like you
know, we've been traveling and the
Knicks and so I'm like I need this
weekend. We're recording this. No, no,
for real. Like I haven't watched a World
Cup match yet. So it's June we're
recording this on June 16th. I need this
weekend to like sort of reset every or
this week to reset and sort of get my
bearings like okay what World Cup
matches am I gonna I just have not had
the had the mental space to allocate
like you know I remember like in 2010 I
was going to bring it up I loved that
one with the Vuvellas that was the one
in South Africas
that was I loved that one and like
everyone in Brooklyn with their I
thought that
>> that's my nightmare being in a football
stadium with someone with a Vula like
behind me
>> what do the Cape Ver jerseys actually
look like uh they're blue. Uh could be
better still. Uh Cape Ferd for the uh
for the win. Shall we leave it there?
>> Let's leave it there.
>> This has been another episode of the Odd
Thoughts podcast. I'm Tracy Aloway. You
can follow me at Tracy Aloway.
>> And I'm Joe Weisenthal. You can follow
me at the stalwart. Follow our guest
Joey Derso. He's at Joseph M. Derso. And
he has a new book out, More Than a
Shirt: How Football Shirts Explain
Global Politics, Money, and Power.
Follow our producers Carmen Rodriguez at
Carmen Arman Dashel Bennett at Dashbot
Kale Brooks Kale Brooks and Kevin Lozano
at Kevin Lloyd Llozzano.
>> And for more OddLots content, including
analysis of how financial engineering is
changing football, you should check out
our daily newsletter. You can find that
at bloomberg.com/odotss.
>> And you can chat about all these topics
247 in our Discord, discord.gg/odlots.
And if you enjoyed this conversation,
then please leave a comment or like the
video or better yet, subscribe.
>> Thanks for watching.
[singing]